Your challenge for this section is
to take a look at styling view.
I've intentionally left a lot of
the styling in there very generic.
In fact, there's a lot of duplication.
And so you can try actually seeing if you
can refactor it in a way that makes more
sense to you.
Maybe you wanna do it in a global file,
who knows?
And then you can play around with V-bind.
All right, hopefully people had
a chance to play around with some
styles like I said,
honestly CSS has its own skill set,
there are plenty of great workshops
here on front of masters so
be sure to check those out if you wanna
learn more about CSS architecture.
But I hope that was useful in terms of
like a way to sort of learn what kind of
techniques are available to you out of
the gate when it comes to using view so
that you can use that to augment or best
practices with CSS cuz to be very clear.
Again, as someone who loves CSS,
I'm not advocating for
you to kind of work around the cascade,
the cascade is extremely powerful.
But like a lot of things, you got to know
when to use it in the right scenarios.
And sometimes when it comes
to certain components,
it makes sense to just keep it
scoped to ignore the cascade.
And so
know that view provides you those options.
And also, as we saw, with the V-bind as
well when it comes to customization and
being able to easily connect your
JavaScript with your CSS like View tries
to do its best to make that
as easy as possible for
you when it comes to using
compiler based optimizations.
So I'll just go ahead and just once again,
let's demo some of that inside of
cest-la-vue, so that you can
have that as a solution branch.
And then we'll go from there.
So switching on over CDs cest-la-vue.
Great, perfect.
All right, so first thing first, when I
think of cest-la-vue as we can see here,
the use of card actually is something that
sticks out to me as something that we
honestly are not gonna share
these styles at this moment.
And so when I look at this honestly, I do
think this is probably a good case for
just having the wrapper or
these particular styles be scoped
to this particular component.
So we can go ahead and scope it like this.
And then however though, if you're
thinking about it and you're like, well,
there are a lot of other cards out there,
so
what if I wanna be really
specific about this card.
Then on second thought, let's just
make this a CSS module, since again,
the styles here are fairly innocuous.
Not a lot of reusability at the moment,
so we can just do style, and
then because it's the dash though, this is
where unfortunately the style of syntax
is a little bit on the uglier
side comparatively.
We can see now that it still works because
we look at here, we can see there's our
user-card, that's actually being
rendered out as anticipated.
Okay, what about other opportunities for
styled refactoring?
Well, if we take a look at the homepage,
we have a bunch of stuff here
that's actually fairly generic.
We have stuff on the login
page that's being refactored.
So we could do really is we can
just actually delete the stuff
on the login page.
And then if we refresh and take a look
home login, everything still looks good.
So that refactor was pretty easy.
And then finally,
let's find an opportunity for
some scope styles while we're
looking at the user page, actually,
it looks like we're using
a lot of stuff here as well.
So let's go ahead and just wipe
this out to finish the refactor and
we take a look at homepage,
we do have that button green right here.
So okay, that's good.
In this case, to be honest, I'm not sure
I'd wanna scope the styles at this point,
because we're inside of homepage.
And homepage, we know is being
shared across multiple files.
So at this point, what I would
probably do is I said, you know what?
Homepage styles are not just
being shared like for its own,
it's being shared across the entire app.
So let's actually just
drop that inside of here.
So at the bare minimum,
it feels a little bit more proper in
terms of cascade app.viewcontrols,
these things are being shared everywhere,
so boom, it's now being shared.
And there are certainly opportunities
here to refactor things, for example,
we're seeing the navigation here.
So you can imagine as this application
grows, you can totally see
an opportunity for us to actually refactor
our header component into its own file,
which then that might be a good
use case for scope, for example.
Anyhow, just wanted to talk through
some high level refactoring and
that's how I might approach it.